Adds tips about making a PR (#661)
dedis/student_21_pop: be1-go/README.md

> Welcome to the go-side of popstellar.

# Want to submit a PR ? Here are 3 points that will make sure things run smoothly

1. Make sure your code fits nicely with the code base and follows the SAME
   philosophy/ADN (format, pattern, organization, etc..). Notably: how errors
   are handled, how the code is spaced (use of newlines!), how the code is
   commented (80 chars!), structured, etc.. One shouldn't be able to

>    differentiate between your code and the existing one. If you have a doubts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   differentiate between your code and the existing one. If you have any doubt
```

   about something just have a look around the existing code to find an example.

2. You just opened a PR ? Good. Make a review of your PR before requesting for a
   review. We all forget small details like a typo in comment, a commented line
   that should be removed, a debug print, etc.. If you missed them in your code
   editor there is a chance you can catch them from the Github review interface.
   It then spares time for everyone.

3. Got comments on your PR ? Great. To help the reviewer please do NOT resolve

>    conversations, as it helps the reviewer check if its comments have been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   conversations, as it helps the reviewer check if his/her comments have been
```
